Blogpost for the 0.21.9 release (#249)
TeamNewPipe/website: _posts/2021-08-10-newpipe-0.21.9-released.md

## Nerd Talk

- [@TacoTheDank](https://github.com/TacoTheDank) upgraded the Gradle version to 7.1.1 for both NewPipe and the Extractor.

- [@gardenappl](https://github.com/gardenappl) fixed some typos in the comments for the Extractor code.

- In case content is not available for some reason, [@Stypox](https://github.com/Stypox) made the app show the original error which caused it.

- [@TacoTheDank](https://github.com/TacoTheDank) also upgraded some libraries:
  
  - AndroidX AppCompat 1.2.0 -> 1.3.1
  - AndroidX Media 1.2.1 -> 1.3.1
  - AndroidX Core 1.3.2 -> 1.6.0 
  - AndroidX Fragment 1.3.5 -> 1.3.6 
  - AndroidX Lifecycle 2.2.0 -> 2.3.1
  - Markwon 4.6.0 -> 4.6.2
  - Stetho 1.5.1 -> 1.6.0
  - AutoService 1.0-rc7 -> 1.0

- [@XiangRongLin](https://github.com/XiangRongLin) specified the `emulator-build` version of the Android Emulator in the GitHub Actions CI to fix a timeout error.

- An earlier version fixed NewPipe so that it shut down properly instead of being killed instantly by the OS. [@XiangRongLin](https://github.com/XiangRongLin) cleaned up some related code as a follow-up, including a variable that was no longer needed. He also fixed some warnings emitted by Sonar.

> - [@XiangRongLin](https://github.com/XiangRongLin) also temporarily removed then re-added API level 29 to the Android Emulator in the CI, to avoid a timeout caused by the CI being stuck waiting for some user input to accept the Android SDK license. This was fixed upstream.

Reviewer: IIRC, the first and third point were targeting the same problem.

Reviewer 2: @TobiGr They're different looking to me:

> Timeout waiting for emulator to boot.

> sdkmanager is hanging the script because waits the user to accept the SDK license terms.

@XiangRongLin can confirm for us either way.

Reviewer 3: They are related to each other, so they can be merged

The github action that we are using was broken causing the emulator to time out. Because of that, tests with API level 29 were commented out (third point). After the action was fixed and released, which they (not us) did by accepting the SDK license terms, our CI action got updated by specifying the `emulator-build` version (first point) and readding the API level 29 tests.

Reviewer 2: Alright. I'll merge those points.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [@XiangRongLin](https://github.com/XiangRongLin) noticed that the API level 29 runner was timing out, so it was removed temporarily. The bug was fixed by specifying the `emulator-build` version of the Android Emulator in the GitHub Actions CI to fix the timeout error. It was caused by the runner waiting for some user input to accept the Android SDK license, and was fixed upstream.

- An earlier version fixed NewPipe so that it shut down properly instead of being killed instantly by the OS. [@XiangRongLin](https://github.com/XiangRongLin) cleaned up some related code as a follow-up, including a variable that was no longer needed. He also fixed some warnings emitted by Sonar.
```

Reviewer 2: Is this fine?

Reviewer 3: fine by me
